Now in this part of the final project,
your task is to compute the time to collision for
all matched three objects based on lidar measurements along.
You might recall the second lesson of
this course where we already discussed how to do this.
When you look for the closest point in x,
try to be robust against outliers which might be
way too close and thus lead to 40 estimates of the TTC,
and please return your time to collision to the main function
at the end of a function computeTTCLidar.
So this task, we want to compute the time to collision based on lidar measurements alone.
This is done far below in the code.
Let's navigate there quickly by looking for
the respective function call which is named computeTTCLidar,
and it's coming directly within this loop over all matched bounding box pairs.
So we are assuming that you have already completed those steps,
otherwise this will not work.
When we get to this point,
we already know that we have bounding boxes in the current frame and the premise frame,
and we already have the LidarPoints having been associated to those bounding boxes,
and only from those LidarPoints,
we will be able to estimate the time to collision.
Let's look at where this function is located, computeTTCLidar.
It's also within the camFusion class and, well,
it's class and the confusion file,
and in the confusion student version,
let's look into this file.
You will find the function you have to implement right here.
So basically, your job is to take this reference to LidarPoints in the previous frame,
current frame, in the respective bounding box.
Take the frame rate and return your estimate of the TTC.
Now what you should consider here,
in one of the lessons we talked about estimating TTC based on lidar measurements,
but if you look at the points closely,
and I can only urge you to look very
carefully into the top view perspectives of the LidarPoints.
Sometimes we have single points popping up
right in the middle between ego vehicle and the preceding vehicle.
It's not quite clear where those points come from,
but they are definitely there.
If you only would compute the closest distance to the first LidarPoint you encounter,
such an erroneous measurement would lead to a faulty estimation of the time to collision,
and you should try to be more robust here.
Try to find a way to first, estimate the TTC,
and then use only LidarPoints which are stable enough and
reliable enough in terms of being a good point for
estimating the TTC being a valid point and not be in some random pop-up point
which simply shows up
20 centimeters behind the target of the vehicle for no reason at all.